Mitsubishi ASX it's street smart it's
everything you want in a vehicle it's
also brimming with features that open up
new realms of urban adventure any
journey is effortless with the 1.8 liter
MIVEC intercooled turbo diesel engine or
2-liter MIVEC petrol engine and you
always travel first class with heated
front leather seats and rear leather
seats just leather steering wheel with
four-way adjustment audio controls and
cruise control buttons creature comforts
continue with climate control and
six-speaker audio system with am/fm
radio six CD in - stacker and USB port
with iPod compatibility this also
hands-free Bluetooth no one is more
spoiled than the driver with command
over a wealth of smart driving features
this silky smooth 6-speed manual or CVT
automatic transmission on petrol models
Mitsubishi ASX also has high contrast
meters OneTouch start engine the ease of
keyless entry and on-demand or will dry
and he'll hold assist all best
appreciated on the road of course it's
smart driving features sharp lines and
17-inch alloys make driving a pleasure
wherever the road takes you the
electronic power steering provides the
perfect amount of assistance at low
speeds steering is light and easy as
speed increases steering becomes solid
delivering a more controlled driving
experience anywhere you travel always
and safety with three-point safety belts
active stability control and
seven airbags including driver passenger
side curtain and driver's knee airbag
it's versatile - the rear seats a split
6040 and fold down for even more luggage
space it's environmentally conscious the
diesel model has a Euro 5 emission
standard and it's refined with privacy
glass automatic lighting with new wide
beam discharge headlamps rain sensing
wipers and alarm with immobilizer plus
there are two very smart new colors
kingfisher blue and titanium and it's
backed by New Zealand's best new car
warranty in customer care
Mitsubishi's diamond advantage to find
out how he packed so much into such a
compact vehicle book a test drive now
call Oh 8 hundred 54 53 52 for your
nearest Mitsubishi Motors deal